[Music]
this is gonna be a new era for the
morning show 8 seconds to you to her
good morning I'm bringing you some sad
and upsetting news and while I don't
know the details of the allegations
she's throwing me under the bus
Mitch Kessler my co-host and partner of
15 years was fired today we are facing
the biggest crisis in our history for no
good reason we're in the middle of an
epic rebirth her sell-by date expired
years ago I want you to start filming
some new people
I don't fit the mold what mold is there
any mold really your show sucks thank
you it's news I want wardrobe test
screen test makeup test we need a
contract where's legal already most
people want to trust that the person
that is telling them about the world is
an honest person
[Music]
like you yes
your words spoke to America people are
know to say may wander watching a
beloved woman's rake down is a timeless
American entertainment I just need to be
able to control the narrative so that
I'm not written out of it you stole my
life you left me in the woods with a
pack of wolves you just think I'm gonna
do this this chair could be yours I
don't want your job
Oh
[Music]
you walk out that door you are never
gonna get back in the part you guys
never seem to realize is that you don't
have the power anymore and frankly I've
let you bozos handle this long enough we
are doing this my way
[Music]
what happened to your TV we had a
disagreement
[Music]
you